CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

> Before contributing, please read our [code of conduct](http://corner.squareup.com/codeofconduct.html).

Much of the [prelude of the Babel contribution guide](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/7.0/CONTRIBUTING.md#not-sure-where-to-start) also applies for this project, since it operates on and with Babel plugins. In particular:
* [AST Explorer](http://astexplorer.net/#/scUfOmVOG5) is a very useful tool for examining ASTs and prototyping plugins.
* [The Babel Plugin handbook](https://github.com/thejameskyle/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md#babel-plugin-handbook) is a great resource for understanding Babel plugins.

This project is written with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), a superset of JavaScript that allows explicit type annotations and includes a type checker.

## Developing

babel-codemod expects at least node 6 and npm 3. You can check each of these with `node -v` and `npm -v`. Look for instructions on installing node and npm [here](https://nodejs.org).

### Setup

```
$ git clone https://github.com/square/babel-codemod
$ cd babel-codemod
$ npm install
```

Then make sure the tests pass:

```
$ npm test
```

To build a distributable version (in `dist`):

```
$ npm run prepublish
```

### Running linting/testing

Because this project is written in TypeScript, we use [TSLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/) rather than [ESLint](http://eslint.org/). It provides similar functionality but with rules explicitly catering to TypeScript. To run TSLint on the project, run:

```
$ npm run lint
```

To automatically fix some of the issues TSLint finds:

```
$ npm run lint-fix
```

The tests in this project are written using the [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) test framework and, like the non-test code, are also written in TypeScript. To run the tests:

```
$ npm test
```

## Submitting Changes

We accept pull requests for bug fixes and improvements. For non-trivial changes it's usually a good idea to open an issue first to track the bug you'd like to fix or discuss the improvement you'd like to contribute.

### A good pull request…

* **Is tested.** Any bugs fixed should have a test that fails without the fix. Any features added should have tests covering the expected usage and expected failures.
* **Is documented.** Reference any existing issues that your pull request addresses. Provide a reasonable description in the pull request body. Documentation of expected usage for new features is required. Documentation is generally not needed for bug-fix pull requests, but sometimes a bug happened because an API was poorly understood. Consider improving the documentation such that a similar bug would not be introduced in the future.
* **Is narrow in scope.** Pull requests that make broad, sweeping changes are generally a bad idea. Instead, larger refactors or improvements should be broken down into multiple smaller pull requests.

Commit message:

build: use (and document) yarn instead of npm

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

> Before contributing, please read our [code of conduct](http://corner.squareup.com/codeofconduct.html).

Much of the [prelude of the Babel contribution guide](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/7.0/CONTRIBUTING.md#not-sure-where-to-start) also applies for this project, since it operates on and with Babel plugins. In particular:
* [AST Explorer](http://astexplorer.net/#/scUfOmVOG5) is a very useful tool for examining ASTs and prototyping plugins.
* [The Babel Plugin handbook](https://github.com/thejameskyle/babel-handbook/blob/master/translations/en/plugin-handbook.md#babel-plugin-handbook) is a great resource for understanding Babel plugins.

This project is written with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), a superset of JavaScript that allows explicit type annotations and includes a type checker.

## Developing

babel-codemod expects at least node 6 and yarn. You can check each of these with `node -v` and `yarn --version`. Look for instructions on installing node [here](https://nodejs.org) and yarn [here](https://yarnpkg.com/).

### Setup

```
$ git clone https://github.com/square/babel-codemod
$ cd babel-codemod
$ yarn
```

Then make sure the tests pass:

```
$ yarn test
```

To build a distributable version (in `dist`):

```
$ yarn prepublish
```

### Running linting/testing

Because this project is written in TypeScript, we use [TSLint](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/) rather than [ESLint](http://eslint.org/). It provides similar functionality but with rules explicitly catering to TypeScript. To run TSLint on the project, run:

```
$ yarn lint
```

To automatically fix some of the issues TSLint finds:

```
$ yarn lint-fix
```

The tests in this project are written using the [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) test framework and, like the non-test code, are also written in TypeScript. To run the tests:

```
$ yarn test
```

## Submitting Changes

We accept pull requests for bug fixes and improvements. For non-trivial changes it's usually a good idea to open an issue first to track the bug you'd like to fix or discuss the improvement you'd like to contribute.

### A good pull request…

* **Is tested.** Any bugs fixed should have a test that fails without the fix. Any features added should have tests covering the expected usage and expected failures.
* **Is documented.** Reference any existing issues that your pull request addresses. Provide a reasonable description in the pull request body. Documentation of expected usage for new features is required. Documentation is generally not needed for bug-fix pull requests, but sometimes a bug happened because an API was poorly understood. Consider improving the documentation such that a similar bug would not be introduced in the future.
* **Is narrow in scope.** Pull requests that make broad, sweeping changes are generally a bad idea. Instead, larger refactors or improvements should be broken down into multiple smaller pull requests.
